this is a day in the life of a Japanese
delivery person
this is yazzo 22 year old living in
tokyo and she's just waking you up to
start her day she lives alone in this
newly built one k apartment and like
many japanese she prefers to take a bath
at night just before she goes to sleep
oh nice she's boarding mop slippers yes
whoa how long does it take you to wear
makeup
[Music]
I guess she doesn't eat breakfast in her
apartment
[Music]
she commutes to work by 5:00 speaking
about only ten minutes to get to the
office in fact it's pretty rare in Tokyo
for someone to live right next to the
office as most workers commute on
average about one hour by train one way
also compared to other Japanese workers
her day start a little earlier so living
nearby is ultra convenient yah Soho
works as a delivery person at Segawa
Express one of the largest
transportation companies in Japan with
more than 50,000 employees spread across
400 offices throughout the country all
right so yeah so should be coming around
the corner right now let's see how much
he slept this morning good morning what
time did you go to sleep last night
oh she's changed into her segawa uniform
looking sharp what did you just buy okay
she's eating a chocolate chip cookie for
breakfast Pocari sweat is a popular
sports drink in Japan this is the go-to
drink when Japanese want to quickly get
hydrated
[Music]
so this is the main Segawa shipping
terminal in the Tokyo area and where all
shipments are sorted every morning she
needs to pick up the boxes which go to
our specific delivery area and load them
into her micro van
yes ago what's in your pocket though
you're not the king sky so every
delivery person carries a name stamped
with a date on it to mark delivery slips
and other documents it's a huge space to
work so communicating effectively
between workers is important right now
she's sorting out smaller packages by
address so it's easier to deliver what
did he just give you and that's her
manager it looks like they're going over
material regarding new Segawa services
so every morning before she starts
actually between the car which is quite
interesting right you can see how clean
it is so the company has a rule that
drivers like guessable cants are
deliveries until their van is completely
cleaned that explains why I never see a
dirty cigar a delivery truck in Tokyo in
fact workers cleaning at the office or
students cleaning at school is fairly
common in Japanese culture highlights
the importance of your surroundings and
being responsible for your own good
now that the delivery van is clean he's
able to load the boxes for her delivery
area
[Music]
where are you going now
to start the process every morning she
fills out a handwritten form with all of
her details on what she's doing now is
called Tinkham the company must ensure
that all drivers are safe to be on the
road in order to do this every driver
needs to report their health condition
as well as perform a breathalyzer test
and finally read the safety driving
rules in front of an inspection staff
thank you sir
Wow it seems like segawa performs a lot
of safety checks before they can get on
the road
[Music]
damn she even has more checks is every
delivery company in the world do this
now that yes Errol has picked up all of
our packages at the main Tokyo terminal
she's headed to a smaller distribution
hub for a specified area
before she starts delivering packages
she stops by this area delivery hub and
picks up this special Segawa cart she
loads the boxes from the van and then
pushes the card to each delivery spot
she basically repeats this process until
her van is completely empty of boxes
[Music]
astronomically
now she's delivering the remaining
smaller packages
my mom when you want to look to be
possible
[Music]
what's that someone gonna fight that
aside needs cutlery stay online there
she's currently assigned to the nihon
boshy area which is known to have many
apparel wholesale facilities so she
delivers not only to regular houses but
too many apparel shops and businesses
why do you always say thank you twice
come on okay one city in Japan streets
are relatively safe especially from
theft which will notice a bit more
throughout this video but she's still
careful to lock her Kartik during the
liveries so she's been working as a
delivery person for about six months so
she's fairly new to her job he says that
she likes it because she gets to
communicate with customers every day and
having trusted relationships with them
gives her motivation so what's the
hardest part of working as a delivery
person Cochiti are they 30 Selena days
and over in Teaneck seen a 32 percent
there it's gonna go through the karateka
ken cornelison and a category to connect
auntie yay she finally finished all of
her deliveries that wasn't so bad
so what are you gonna do now but I gotta
go hon EQ off her PDT device works as a
time card as well so she clocks off
during lunch you have to change during
your lunch break silence quiet secure
honest honest I gotta say
ah I guess that's why I never see Seagal
workers eating out makes so much sense
now so she's meeting up with some of her
simp eyes for lunch Simba is a Japanese
word used for senior colleagues and
rentals so how long you been working at
Segawa Jinju name what's your favorite
part of this job not bad food how about
you do this see what they do have you
ever had trouble with foreign customers
having to use English so they often go
to this Japanese izakaya Derby
restaurant together
music ayahs are usually frequented in
the evening but many open for businesses
during lunch time to serve affordable
set menu items like this place I swear
just fat for luncheon she actually has a
longer lunch than usual it's about an
hour and a half
usually people only have an hour break
but I guess they have longer break times
here because I'm just like tired of
walking around all morning probably one
thing though I'm so glad it's not
raining today because it would be a
total master shot of film there but if
it did rain this is the waterproof
uniform it also covers up the bag and
device and if she wants it can convert
the short sleeves so we're afternoon
task is to visit clients to perform
sales activities time to suit up again
so she goes back out on the same route
to of course some clients so segawa now
has a charter shipping service where you
can purchase a full pallet and send
anything you want as long as it fits
it's a useful service when you have lots
of stuff or large items now she goes
back around on the same delivery route
and picks up outgoing packages and does
more sales for new services when she
sees a package laying in front of the
store all alone like this it indicates a
new pickup she checks for the segawa
label if so she collects the package
provides the customer with a delivery
receipt and then creates a delivery
label on her device fortunately for the
sender and the delivery person leaving
unattended packages in front of the
store is relatively safe in Japan
to basically be walking around right now
picking up all of the packages from
different clients her neighborhood is
set so she goes around kind of like on a
set path but if she wanted to she can
actually pick up different packages from
different locations she now takes up the
picked up packages and loads them into a
waiting delivery truck
she says her job is very teamwork focus
which he loves and in between deliveries
she enjoys chatting with her coworkers
where are you headed now now that she's
done with her delivery task for her
assigned area she has to head back to
the main office Wow
she's doing another safety check even in
a public parking space amazing
[Music]
it seems like a lot of Segawa drivers
are back as well after she brings a van
back she needs to perform a final tank
oh by law these records are kept for one
year
so before she leaves today she also has
to do quite a bit of administrative
tasks so let's see what she has so
basically she needs to take care of the
cash accounting as well for example cash
on delivery transactions she received
today as well as parking fees she's paid
[Music]
Hey finally done do you have any plans
after this
she's stopping by a supermarket on the
way back wow it's pretty massive
comparatively speaking for Tokyo turns
you're not buying so much
[Music]
yes Oh what did you cook many younger
generations these days just buy food at
the convenience store to take home and
eat but yeah so likes to cook and it's
cheaper and healthier so just finished
taking a bath she has been our few times
before she goes to bed she goes to bed
at 10 o'clock but that's pretty much a
daniel life of a japanese delivery
person what do you guys think let me
know in the comments you guys want to
see what i'm doing on the daily then
definitely check out my Instagram
account you guys want to help support
the channel event check out the Tokyo
merch and I recently created a discord
channel for people who love Japan or
people that are traveling Japan to get
their questions answered I'll leave all
of the links in the description as usual
and I have so many more Dan their lives
to come so if you want to check those
videos out hit the subscribe button and
the bell button and I'll catch you guys
in the next one